popular features throughout the years
and all types of racing has been a
question of the week and here is Marty
with this week's question here at IHRA
one word that would best describe the
sensation you feel when you leave that
starting line
Wow why it's the next best thing to six
we just no no way to describe it so I
can think seems like a blur you know
well know when it when it runs a 60 run
you know it's like getting on one of
those real steep roller coaster rides
and magnified in about a hundred times
it's pretty good ride probably the first
initial feeling and when I hit the
throttle and it does on a good one is
awesome fantastic I feel great
oh it's it's unreal awesome 206 next up
will be Tom the Mongoose McEwen against
Wayne mennick and we also asked Tom
McEwen about some of the changes that he
would like to see in this very expensive
a very exciting game of pro funny car
racing well the one thing I'd like to
see is not so many national events I
think that you know I'm running 28 this
year and it's you know we're almost
running almost every week during the
summer time it's just too much for the
keeping the parts and the crew from
being wore out and everything and I'd
like to see him stagger them and not
have quite so many national events if
possible Alain many cos a 24 year old
from Chicago Illinois actually justice
Illinois and he's up against from
Fountain Valley California Tom McEwen 49
year old competitor minikin is Dodge
Daytona and McEwen in a Corvette of
course mimicked in the sky town hustler
famous match race car and the
Corvette I like to call it with Mongoose
at the control Minik is in the 1978 IHRA
Winston championship car they begin to
stage then the green comes on if you say
Mongoose is braking hood but I still
think he's through the gutter Bob good
race for time the Mongoose McEwen a lot
of Tyre smoke in the car almost broke
loose but McEwen comes up with a win a
6-1 47 against 6259 for Wayne medic and
let's look at it once again you know
medic has got to be disappointed because
as he gets about a half way down this
trip a little bit before this replay
McEwen looked like he was all over it
looked like it was done for but he
wasn't able to really make way for a
minute well Scott Caleta going up
against Kenny Bernstein here in this
next race we present for you we ask
Kalitta about relaxing between rounds in
the races where we just run the funny
car I don't have to do very much at all
mowing run when we run both cars I work
just as much as anybody else Scott also
has his work cut out for because he's up
against Kenny Bernstein and we asked
Kenny about changes he would like to see
in Pro funny car I'd like to really see
honestly a combination of a world
championship wins the World Championship
where there's really one true champion
not a knight or a champion and an NHRA
champion so there's a lot of things that
I think would be beneficial for the
sport to happen as time progresses and
hopefully it's going that way he's
yes bernstein rose him in the semis i
let it gave it all that he could but
bernstein has cranked off a 5.8 its
reaction time was slowed down to 0.314
in the last round he had a whole girl
like reaction at the line where he
reacted at point one three two now his
average speed this time around is two
hundred and forty seven point nine
almost two hundred forty eight miles per
hour not what you'd call astronomical
but certainly when you match it up with
his reaction time and his et he moves up
the next run in the ladder kenny has a
very good record on ESPN we'll see if
that can continue this weekend we'll be
back with more of the popular hot
rodding nationals from martin michigan
right after this
merkat the winner of pro alcohol funny
cars now moving to the pro funny cars
that it's Kenny Bernstein against mark
Oswald Oswald defeated Tom McEwen in the
semis and Kenny Bernstein too fitted
Tim gross the classic matchup the young
man from the Cincinnati Ohio area mark
Oswald there in the Kenny's in Hugh's
Old Milwaukee car against Kenny
Bernstein it's the pitch for Dale Paul D
I miss him
Paul D really belongs in drag racing
really belongs in funny cars he has been
one of the top four guns and funny car
racing the last couple of seasons and
boy we sure miss him but Bernstein and
Oswald the men of 1986 as Kenny told you
the rubber match stayed each one place
Kenny is in the Far Lane and Oswald in
the near Lane let's see what happens
rain light goes on Kenny with the hole
shot smoking guess that's what's called
smoking them off something happening
with to Oswald is less than halfway down
the strip he shut off Bernstein with
another five point seven seven to be
exact 257 miles an hour you're at
Bernstein saying that they were looking
for this 255 plus miles per hour because
they've been down a little bit on miles
per hour but then you have those low e
t--'s and the car suspended stuff all
the way down the strip and you can get a
reaction time well under a third of a
second the miles per hour employed but
they're just not fair just another proof
that Kenny is the king and he has got to
wish that all IHRA events are televised
the truth is a winning percentage on
ESPN is just tremendous Marty read what
the winner Kenny Bernstein went up
underneath that helm at another victory
I tell you what we ought to do is just
give you the championship before we go
on the air you know I don't know about
that mark Oswald and candies are always
tough and we've had a good year against
each other that's for sure but I'll tell
you what we sure like ESPN I think this
is seven out of nine events that you've
covered and we've won so maybe you guys
ought to cover all the events we race
around a 577 257 miles an hour so you
were getting both ends of it here well
it came around the
I ran with Dale and the guys and they
made some moves on the car that helped
we were a little worried with all the
downtime here the this afternoon it
might hurt it but it didn't it got loose
again but it still responded and went
down the racetrack and that's what it's
all about so I think it'll be okay for
the rest of the season we'd have to stay
after it now what about the lanes after
that oil down right before the finals in
the right side well there's no doubt
about it that the right lane couldn't be
any better it wasn't the best lane all
day and I'm sure that didn't help the
situation for Mark and the guys over
there but it's the advantage we had with
a Budweiser King Motorcraft tempo was to
have the lane choice and that's what you
fight for good luck again as you
continue to thunder along appreciate it
thank you congratulations from the boots
to Kenny Bernstein the winner and pro
funny cars to Buddy Burke at the winter
and pro alcohol funny cars and Ricky
Smith our Pro Stock champion